Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/tutorials/checkout/index.md

# GraphQL checkout tutorial

This tutorial describes how to place an order through GraphQL. Customers can make purchases in two ways:

-  As a logged-in user
-  As a guest user who does not create an account

The **10-step tutorial** generally takes **30 minutes**.

> Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source GraphQL is designed to run queries and perform actions on behalf of a customer. Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source GraphQL does not perform back-end tasks, such as manage invoices or shipments.

Author: ```suggestion
Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source GraphQL is designed to run queries and perform actions on behalf of a customer. Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source GraphQL does not perform backend tasks, such as manage invoices or shipments.
```
